{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Synopsis\'a0
\b0 -There was a war between the Abh race and the humans. Jinto's father, Rock Lin raised the white flag and offered the human race to the Abh. In return, he was given a position of
\i \'a0Count 
\i0 of the Abh's aristocracy. Obviously, the humans didn't take kindly to this, and saw this as treason, leading to Jinto's childhood filled with people spouting crap about his father. Fast forward to now, and Jinto himself is a Count of 
\i Hydal
\i0 . Having already learned Baronh and Abh culture beforehand, he is ready to 
\i Delct
\i0 \'a0for a military college in 
\i Lakfakalle
\i0 , the Abh capital. It is during this time he meets Lafiel, who is the granddaughter of the current Abh empress Ramaj, who is a flying trainee for the Imperial Royal Army. This space opera trilogy centers around these two very different people and how their friendship may or may not stand the test of time.\
\

\b Review\'a0
\b0 - I miss being eleven/twelve. I read the March 2003 issue of 
\i Animerica 
\i0 that had a section called 
\i TV Update
\i0 , where they just listed what anime was, well, on TV. I recall seing this image.\
\
\
\
I didn't quite like the style of the image, but I decided to give the show a shot. I found out it was on TechTV's 
\i Anime Unleashed 
\i0 slot, which aired 
\b Serial Experiments Lain
\b0 , 
\b Silent Mobius
\b0 , 
\b ROD TV
\b0 , 
\b Betterman
\b0 , 
\b Gad Guard
\b0 , 
\b Dual! Parallel Trouble Adventure
\b0 , 
\b Gatekeepers 21
\b0 , 
\b Cromarte High School
\b0 , 
\b Gungrave
\b0 , 
\b Last Exile
\b0 , 
\b Rahxephon
\b0 , 
\b SoulTaker
\b0 , 
\b Geneshaft
\b0 ,\'a0
\b Boogiepop Phantom
\b0 ,\'a0
\b Aenobashi
\b0 , and the anime that I'm reviewing here. This block normally played from the Mondays-Thursdays (1-1:30am), Fridays (11pm - 1am) and even the afternoons for a while at around 4:30 PM. 
\b Crest of the Stars 
\b0 played on both at some time.\'a0I can't for the life of me remember the timeslot, but I will guess and say 1am was when it was on for the most part.\
\
After
\b \'a0X-Play 
\b0 was done, I was treated with a prologue with a narrator that was speaking a confusing language. What followed however was better than what I was expecting. The plot was intricate, and by intricate, I mean 
\i really 
\i0 intricate. Luckily for most viewers, it isn't 
\b Legend of the Galactic Heroes
\b0 \'a0intricate, as I'm sure that most people, if they pay close attention, they'll get it. I'm not being condescending or anything, but when it comes to shows like this, where a well-developed war of some sort if involved, I see people dropping the show because it get's really hard to follow. (
\b Gasaraki
\b0 , 
\b Galactic Heroes 
\b0 are the usual culprits). The plot from the get-go is pretty understandable. There is an alien race of people who perceive themselves as better than humans because a) they are 
\i much 
\i0 more handsome, and b) they
\i \'a0
\i0 have a 
\i much 
\i0 larger lifespan than we do. Damn, now I feel depressed.\
\
Anyway, the first few episodes showed Jinto as a kid who didn't quite understand what was going on. But the viewer, through dialogue and material of that nature, should get the message. The humans are pissed and they want answers. Jinto, again, not quite grasping the situation at hand, was to be escorted by his father's secretary, who wasn't in the happiest mood either. The first few episodes lays the platform from which the plot can build and develop on.\'a0\
\
The central focus of the series, as stated before, lies with the relationship between Jinto and Lafiel, and how their differences may make things difficult. For example, I recall one of the characters mentioning several times that having a human friend isn't a very nice experience because of the fact that he/she may not be around as long as you. That aspect alone is pretty heartwrenching for any relationship in my eyes. There's also the obvious Abh/human thing. They just don't believe in the same things, and that conflict also arises in this series.\
\
Since we are discussing characterization, why not discuss the absolute complexity of this universe? The creator of the novel didn't just create a series with a plot, no, he went the whole nine yards and outlined the history of the races, and the languages. The Abh language is friggin' awesome too, I keep wanting to learn it, and giving up after a few tries, haha. The characters themselves in this story develop as good as the ones in 
\b Legend of the Galactic Heroes
\b0 \'a0in my opinion. For example, Lafiel, goes from a bit of a brat to someone who can captain her own crew and get out of any dangerous spots she is in, a'la keep a cool head in the midst of battle. She learned that every pilot must withhold his/her duty and that a slip-up could mess it up for the entire fleet, after watching something similar in the beginning of this series (I am not spoiling anything). Jinto grew to be more accepting of the Abh race, because even after meeting some real psychos in this series, he also met some wholesome and warmhearted folks in the Abh Empire.\
\
This was one of the first shows I have seen where a full-on orchestra played the music to an anime series. The opening is epic in every aspect of the word, as is the battle music in the show. The ending was a nice, and sad, song\'a0\
\
Unlike\'a0
\i Cha Cha
\i0 , I believe that the strength lies in the great detail in the art. Maybe it was because I was watching\'a0
\i\b Captain Tsubasa\'a0
\i0\b0 before it, but I was loving the many shadows and depth that was displayed in the muscles and the facial expressions.\'a0\
\
Though I watched the first 15 episodes subbed, I watched the rest of it dubbed. Both were just fine, in my opinion, but some points need to be made. The team captain sounded awesome in Japanese, but I just couldn't take him seriously in English. He had that\'a0
\i "I'm-a-big-guy-and-I-sound-like-a-dufus"
\i0 \'a0kind of voice, and that wasn't exactly what I was expecting from a guy who is one of the most honorable (maybe \'a0a stretch) guys on the show. I know I will be hated for this, but the\'a0
\i engrish\'a0
\i0 dialogue in the intermission is \'a0really lame. (
\i If you can hold ball in a hand, you'll be great basketbarr prayer~!
\i0 ) Why they didn't fix this problem when it was licensed, I have no clue...except one. It's so bad, it's entertaining. In that sense, I guess it works?\
\
So overall, I thoroughly enjoyed
\i\b \'a0
\i0 Slam Dunk
\b0 , and look to finish the 101 episode length. The characters are infectious and fun from the get-go. I honestly cannot see Hanamichi and Rukawa ever getting along, but it is a\'a0
\i shonen\'a0
\i0 series, and a sports one at that. They will work together, whether they like it or not. But the struggles it will take to get them there is going to be funnest part. Even if you\'a0
\i *
\i0 hate* basketball, the characters, the animation, and the\'a0
\i engrish
\i0 \'a0will keep you wanting more.\
\
-----------------------\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\i \cf0 Story - 9
\i0 \

\i Characters - 9.5
\i0 \

\i Content - 9.5
\i0 \

\i Animation - 8 (for its time though, it was deserving of a higher grade)
\i0 \

\i Music - 8.5
\i0 \

\i Overall - 9
\i0 \
------------------------\
}