{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-xxQgvw3FWKA/TgWYMt-DpmI/AAAAAAAAAO8/nY7yeO2NiPU/s1600/armor.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
Synopsis - Set in the same universe as Armored Troopers VOTOMS, Mellowlink was a soldier fighting in a unit that was sacrificed, for reasons he doesn't know. Though he wasn't supposed to survive, he obviously does, and he's framed for his friends' deaths. After escaping his captors, he is out for answers, and most importantly, revenge.\
\
Review - One of the first fansubbed tapes I have picked out. I watched VOTOMs as a kid, and loved the real robot aspects of the series, how the characters are distinctly influenced by the event, and how the robots aren't super or anything, but conversely are tools of war, and can be destroyed by anything, if you pick the right parts.\
\
This show proves that theory completely. Mellowlink throughout the entire twelve episode span, does not pilot a mech. He is treading on foot, with a gigantic sniper-esque gun with him, powerful enough to raise hell in the battlefield.\
\
The plot is very well-written. Conspiracies surrounding deaths within the war were summed up nicely within the twelve episodes.\
\
The characters within this show were as wholesome and real as they come by. Mellowlink was an obvious favorite. Until the flashback episode, I didn't quite "get" why he was going all Rambo on people. You knew the backstory but you didn't quite feel what Mellowlink went through. That episode alone marks this high in my book because of the fact that it got me to genuinely care for guys you never really see in this series. These soldiers were similar to the soldiers I know who are out there protecting our Country. How close these guys hit home is astounding, to say the least. So when they (no spoiler here, you know what happens) are killed mercilessly, you feel like it's Platoon, in that scene where William Dafoe's character is shot to death, or that tragic end in Glory, where you kinda know what's going to happen to these unfortunate souls.\
\
\
Mellowlink: bent on revenge.\
 Huge shout out for Keak Cardine. Mind you, I always forget his name\
\
The music itself is down to personal preference. I really like classic J-rock/pop acts like Boowy, Chage & Aska, and B'z, so I felt right at home with the synths and all that jazz. As a matter of fact, when I mention this song, it gets in my head. It sounds like it'd come from something of Karate Kid-esque fame, and if you don't get inspired by that...\
\
Unlike Cha Cha, I believe that the strength lies in the great detail in the art. Maybe it was because I was watching Captain Tsubasa before it, but I was loving the many shadows and depth that was displayed in the muscles and the facial expressions.\
\
Though I watched the first 15 episodes subbed, I watched the rest of it dubbed. Both were just fine, in my opinion, but some points need to be made. The team captain sounded awesome in Japanese, but I just couldn't take him seriously in English. He had that "I'm-a-big-guy-and-I-sound-like-a-dufus" kind of voice, and that wasn't exactly what I was expecting from a guy who is one of the most honorable (maybe  a stretch) guys on the show. I know I will be hated for this, but the engrish dialogue in the intermission is  really lame. (If you can hold ball in a hand, you'll be great basketbarr prayer~!) Why they didn't fix this problem when it was licensed, I have no clue...except one. It's so bad, it's entertaining. In that sense, I guess it works?\
\
So overall, I thoroughly enjoyed Slam Dunk, and look to finish the 101 episode length. The characters are infectious and fun from the get-go. I honestly cannot see Hanamichi and Rukawa ever getting along, but it is a shonen series, and a sports one at that. They will work together, whether they like it or not. But the struggles it will take to get them there is going to be funnest part. Even if you *hate* basketball, the characters, the animation, and the engrish will keep you wanting more.\
\
-----------------------\
Story - 8.75\
Characters - 8\
Content - 8\
Animation - 7.25 (for its time though, it was deserving of a higher grade)\
Music - 8\
Overall - 8.25\
------------------------}}}